Your thyroid is a bow-tie shaped gland
located in the front of your neck.
It produces hormones that regulate
the metabolism of cells
throughout your body
through a two-way interaction
with your brain.
When thyroid hormone levels are low,
a part of the brain called the hypothalamus
produces thyrotropin releasing hormone
or TRH.
TRH causes the pituitary gland
at the base of the brain
to produce thyroid stimulating hormone,
or TSH.
And TSH signals the thyroid
to increase production of its hormones.
When blood levels of thyroid hormones increase,
the hypothalamus and pituitary gland
decrease production of TRH and TSH.
Sometimes the thyroid gland cannot
produce enough hormones,
but the pituitary gland
continues to send TSH to the thyroid.
This can cause the thyroid
to become enlarged.